## Journaling D1

of 18.07.2023

### Overall

Today was quite normal. Wrote a couple of G Reviews in the morning. Polished some of the writing after being inspired from one of the reviewers about Jallianwala Bagh. Felt good about stretching myself and realised how much more I could improve.
Cancelled the Amazfit order of Bip 3 and ordered a GTR 2 from Flipkart at just Rs. 5129. For what the watch offers, I found it to be a great deal. Apart from that, the day was quite normal.

### Productivity

Moderately productive since I spent quite some time in reading and watching watch reviews. Git Learning was going on in parallel, but nothing intense. Post noon, we had a meeting discussing about React directly calling DatoCMS. Went on for 1:45. I kept listening since I didn't have anything new to add. Then later ordered 2 kurtas from FK. Spent sometime there too.

### Practices

#### Morning

4.30 AM wake up
Guru Pooja
Aum Namah Shivaya Chanting
Yogasanas
Shambhavi

#### Evening

Surya Kriya
Shambhavi

Practices were fine, nothing great.
Couldn't visit temple.

#### Night

Balancing Sadhana

### Food

Morning Brunch at Biksha Hall.
Ate Plain Uthappam from outside cafe before evening dinner. It was good.
Evening Dinner at Biksha Hall.

### Realisations

Kept trying to disidentify myself from the thoughts, but it was quite challenging. Efforts were on in the direction.
Later, by night watched a video about Let Go by SG. He was saying they were temp. solutions that will not work. But he was seeing of Let Go as leave it to God or destiny that kind. Commented on the YT video about what he might have missed and how in fact Let Go helps one significantly in overcoming a lot of hurdles.
