Written on 21.07.2023

## Journaling D2

of 19.07.2023 and 20.07.2023

### Overall

19

We had a SP monthly meeting from 11.30AM to 6.30PM where we did Surya Kriya and Shambhavi together. Two videos from SG were shown. Both were fantastic. One question was regarding a person experiencing the universe inside of him and that he felt quite chaotic. For that SG simply said that Shambhavi is more like a ladder and that by the end of 6 months we would have climbed a lot when we see from top. But daily he acknowledged that it's boring, why would someone not just get up and drink coffee, etc. He also mentioned that certain experiential programs are designed only so that when you feel 'oh what am I doing' in the background you have the exprience of what is something beyong all this and you keep pushing yourself.

There was one another video, dont quite remeber but that was quite good too.

20

Had Training today. So at the end moment created PPT. Quite intense it became. The training went well. I was speaking so calmly unlike previous trainings. I could sustain myself. Then, in the evening while doing Surya Kriya, felt some shark or some water animal feeling :D

Overall, all good.

### Productivity

Feeling quite productive on both the days

### Practices

For both the days:

#### Morning

4.30 AM wake up
Guru Pooja
Aum Namah Shivaya Chanting
Yogasanas
Shambhavi

#### Evening

Surya Kriya
Shambhavi

Practices were fine, nothing great.
Couldn't visit temple.
Have not yet started Pradakshina.

#### Night

Balancing Sadhana

### Food

For both the days:

Morning Brunch at Biksha Hall.
Evening Dinner at Biksha Hall.

### Realisations

For both the days:

Some stability has come forth. Thoughts are running but slowly I am detaching myself. Need to work more on that.
