## Journaling D4

### Overall

Day 2 of G20. Lot of Police in core areas.
Ordered a Kurta and Pyjama from FK.

### Realisations

Quote from SG which talked about stagnation like a seed. Seed is no good if it remains like that. It should grow and come away from being just a seed.

Also, while walking upto Biksha hall for BF in the morning, was thinking that I have been discarding a lot of my personal truths considering them as social conditioning. Even if it's socailly accepted, it can still be true for one. It's not necessary that everything in the society is anti human well being, although majorly they are.
The only truth is to clearly see and ask, what would I have done or felt at that moment, clearly being able to see that it's coming from within and not from a pre conditioning. Only we ourselves can take care of that aspect, no one else can.

Don't be confused, clearly see and stick to it. Do not try to re-verify it again and again. Verify once, note down the steps taken to verify and keep it handy.

### Disturbances

Thoughts were running continuously during the morning practices. Was feeling disturbed a bit that I was not making good use of the time.

### Productivity

Felt less productive when I simply stood and ordered clothes from FK. This made me think about productivity itself - which I have previously too thinking it's only those things which make money that are considered productive, etc. But if you see, when we serve food to , washing clothes, cleaning dishes, accumulating knowledge, we are making no money, but still it feels productive. There is no point in challenging it. There is a clear demarcation between what is productive and what is not.

Later, spoke to Thomas who sits just behind me. He works on the IE streaming technologies. Felt good talking to him. Later after he mentioned, discovered about the HLS and DASH protocols. Read some code and articles surrounding them.

### Food

Morning Brunch at Biksha Hall. Served in Banana Leaf. Being concious of eating a less than required

### Practices

#### Morning

4.30 AM wake up
Guru Pooja
Aum Namah Shivaya Chanting
Yogasanas
Shambhavi

Went to Dhyanalinga and sat for around 45m. Felt really good.
Was feeling full of gratitude towards Sadhguru while entering Dhyanalinga, and while sitting there.

#### Evening

#### Night

#### IE Questions:

Parameters for Self-Evaluation

1.  How many times a day am I doing the Inner Engineering crash course?

A few times a day

2.  How is my experience of Sadhana? Am I able to sit still with more ease, for longer periods of time? Is my body getting more flexible? Stronger? More still?

    a. When doing Asanas/Surya Kriya?

    b. During/after Adiyogi Pradakshina?

    Overall feeling of stability has soaked in.

3.  Am I eating more consciously?

Yes, somewhat.

4.  How many times am I getting
    angry/impatient/irritated/annoyed?

        a. When I do get angry or irritated, how many times am I seeing all that I experience is my making?

Very few times. I am able to handle every emotion with more control.

5.  Is my system more vibrant or dull?

    a. Am I feeling energetic all day?

    b. How easy - or not - am I finding it to wake up in the morning?

System is sharp and vibrant. A little dull in the morning due to cold.

6.  Am I becoming more willing?

    a. When I receive instructions of any kind, what is my first feeling/thought?

    b. Am I experiencing less internal friction each day? Less aversion? Likes? Dislikes?

Definitely. This is a significant change in me. I am okay doing Namaskaram with full involvement. Adding Pranam at the bottom of email is okay with me. I am not resistive towards such small things, which would bother me earlier.
