## Journaling D4

### Overall

23rd got the watch. Have been occupied with it for sometime now. :D
Overall, health has improved so feels good. Apart from that washed clothes on both the previous days. Work going well. Everything is good

### Realisations

Intelligence has sharpened for sure. I can feel it within. No great realisations as such. Yeah felt that we can use the word freedom in whichever way we want. I can write a program only in a given manner. Even a single missing apostrophe can cause the code to fail. When that is the case, how can we have the audacity to think that doing this one little thing or not doing that one little thing is not going to do anything? Just ignorance. Also, I can say that I am losing my freedom in following the rules to code. You can look it that way too. But it's not true. An artist can tell that I am stuck only taking nice pictures. Similarly when we get out from this place, such reasoning may arise that hey you are restricting yourself and jailing yourself by only eating healthy food. But that's just a wrong way of looking at it just like the above examples. Logic can be used in any way. The point is to understand what to apply where.

Yeah, one thing does not apply everywhere. It applies only in a certain env. and context. You must use your intelligence actively to figure out moment to moment if something is working or not.

### Disturbances

Thoughts are running, but somehow able to manage better.

### Productivity

Went to Dhyanalinga and Linga Bhairavi temple today. Felt really good. Will visit daily. Atleast will try to.

### Food

All at Biksha Hall. Had Dhayanalnga prasadam in the afternoon.

### Practices

#### Morning

4.30 AM wake up
Guru Pooja
Aum Namah Shivaya Chanting
Yogasanas
Shambhavi

#### Evening

Surya Kriya + Shambhavi

#### Night

Balancing Sadhana

#### IE Questions:

Parameters for Self-Evaluation

1.  How many times a day am I doing the Inner Engineering crash course?

Once or twice

2.  How is my experience of Sadhana? Am I able to sit still with more ease, for longer periods of time? Is my body getting more flexible? Stronger? More still?

    a. When doing Asanas/Surya Kriya?

    b. During/after Adiyogi Pradakshina?

    Little wavery but will get better I guess.

3.  Am I eating more consciously?

Yes. Making sure that I serve before I eat. Have been doing from the past 2 days since body has recovered. Can't eat without serving for some reason.

4.  How many times am I getting
    angry/impatient/irritated/annoyed?

        a. When I do get angry or irritated, how many times am I seeing all that I experience is my making?

Very few times. I am able to handle every emotion with more control.

5.  Is my system more vibrant or dull?

    a. Am I feeling energetic all day?

    b. How easy - or not - am I finding it to wake up in the morning?

System is sharp and vibrant. A little dull in the morning due to cold.

6.  Am I becoming more willing?

    a. When I receive instructions of any kind, what is my first feeling/thought?

    b. Am I experiencing less internal friction each day? Less aversion? Likes? Dislikes?

Definitely yes. Can accept more flaws in people and me.
