## Journaling D6

### Overall

The past week has been pretty good. On Sunday we played Frizbee and Throwball and it was quite intense. I was able to push myself and bring my best version - there is more in me - but atleast I was happy. I was glad that I initiated it and everyone agreed to play well. Vaishnavi akka is so funny. She and her friend joined too. Then the next day I shared about Bharat Darshan to them and they were quite happy to hear it. Had a very good time talking to them, and one more anna was present too. Vinu had come 2 days ago along with his friends. He liked it and said that he would come again. Lot of subtle realisations are happening. Journey is good.
We had a session with Sadhguru where he was in conversation with Bibek Debroy on the night before Pournami. Yesterday was Pournami and I met KK - yes KK from Walmart near Isha Shoppe. He had come for Pournami. He mentioned he has created a temple out of his flat of Devi. It was good meeting him. Yesterday did Pradakshina and visited both the temples. It was good.
Today felt a little off physically. Don't know why it keeps giving haath.
Saw Sadhguru today while doing evening Kriya. Such a pleasure to see.
Work wise have been doing well. Learning at a steady pace. Peace.

### Disturbances

Today felt a little perturbed. Thoughts are running. Not able to concentrate while doing Kriya.

### Food

Today ate at Velliangiri Unnagaman (something like that) --- the one on the way out. s

### Practices

#### Morning

4.30 AM wake up
Guru Pooja
Aum Namah Shivaya Chanting
Yogasanas
Shambhavi

#### Evening

Surya Kriya + Shambhavi

#### Night

Balancing Sadhana

#### IE Questions:

Parameters for Self-Evaluation

1.  How many times a day am I doing the Inner Engineering crash course?

Once or twice

2.  How is my experience of Sadhana? Am I able to sit still with more ease, for longer periods of time? Is my body getting more flexible? Stronger? More still?

    a. When doing Asanas/Surya Kriya?

    b. During/after Adiyogi Pradakshina?

    Little wavery but will get better I guess.

3.  Am I eating more consciously?

Yes.

4.  How many times am I getting
    angry/impatient/irritated/annoyed?

        a. When I do get angry or irritated, how many times am I seeing all that I experience is my making?

Very few times. I am able to handle every emotion with more control.

5.  Is my system more vibrant or dull?

    a. Am I feeling energetic all day?

    b. How easy - or not - am I finding it to wake up in the morning?

System is sharp and vibrant. Once my physical body completely recovers I guess I will be good. It was good but for some reason it has given haath today a bit.

6.  Am I becoming more willing?

    a. When I receive instructions of any kind, what is my first feeling/thought?

    b. Am I experiencing less internal friction each day? Less aversion? Likes? Dislikes?

Yes
